Figma hook page (#1744)
PrestaShop/docs: themes/hummingbird/_index.md

---
title: Hummingbird Theme
weight: 5
---

# Hummingbird Theme

> Hummingbird is a PrestaShop theme, created and maintained by the maintainer team. 
> 
> Read more informations [about this new theme here](https://build.prestashop-project.org/news/2022/new-theme-announce/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hummingbird is a PrestaShop theme that aims to replace Classic as a new default theme for the PrestaShop. 

Read more about Hummingbird [in the announcement of the new theme for PrestaShop](https://build.prestashop-project.org/news/2022/new-theme-announce/).
```

> Want to discover, try or contribute to Hummingbird ? [Github repository](https://github.com/PrestaShop/hummingbird).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to test it? Want to contribute to the project and share the feedback with the team? See [Hummingbird Github repository](https://github.com/PrestaShop/hummingbird).
```

{{% notice info %}}

> Please note that Hummingbird is still under development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the Hummingbird theme is still under development and is not considered production-ready.
```

{{% /notice %}}

> ## Hook visual map for Hummingbird theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Hook mapping project for the Hummingbird theme
```

> A visual map of hooks on Hummingbird theme has been done, [find more informations here]({{<relref "/8/themes/hummingbird/hooks-hummingbird-theme">}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A visual map of hooks for the Hummingbird theme has been created, [find more information about the project here]({{<relref "/8/themes/hummingbird/hooks-hummingbird-theme">}}).
```
